# MTEC-347 Group Project

##### by Yujin Chen

### 1. What you did?
For making it less than 140 characters while interestng, I tended to

```
{MoogFF.ar((CombC.ar(SinOsc.ar(100 * MouseY.kr(0.05,0.5),0,0.1), 2, LFNoise1.ar(1.89*LFSaw.ar(0.1)+20,0.5,1.4), 20).dup), MouseX.kr(100, 10000, 1), MouseX.kr(0, 4))}.play
```

The UGens that I've used for this assignment were:
	**MoogFF, CombC, MouseY, MouseX, SinOsc, LFSaw**

### 2. How you did it

By building in the voice, I used `CombC` as the core UGEN.

Quote to the manual: *Comb delay line with cubic interpolation. See also CombNwhich uses no interpolation, and CombL which uses linear interpolation. Cubic interpolation is more computationally expensive than linear, but more accurate. The feedback coefficient is given by the equation fb == 0.001 ** (delay / decay.abs) * decay.sign where 0.001 is -60 dBFS.*

So it's like: 
```
CombC.ar(in: 0.0, maxdelaytime: 0.2, delaytime: 0.2, decaytime: 1.0, mul: 1.0, add: 0.0)
```

So the delaytime and decaytime will be generated by both the randomness from LFNoise and LFSaw.

And inside, the frequency of the main source Osc - SinOsc will also be controlled by the MouseY location as the fundemental frequency is 100Hz.

Then after this, I applied a filter `MoogFF` for making the eventual "under the sea" feeling! 

It's like:
```
MoogFF.ar(in, freq: 100, gain: 2, reset: 0, mul: 1, add: 0)
```

So the cutoff frequency and the make-up gain will be controlled by the MouseX location value for making the touchpad a whole controlling of the deapth of ocean. You got it.


### 3. The problems you faced

The word count! Now it only less than 140 chacters when we don't count the space :)


### 4. Referenced codes

Nope :/